By the way, after time worth to get.
All his dreams will even try to do so both he at work.
You will get to meet your car.
How will you get to meet your from Fort Worth?
Like that.
Like how?
Here's how, is that right?
I don't know whenever you can.
I picked them up a couple of times.
I think it's rather picked them up a couple of times.
Oh, Mr. Cohen, if you go down to Dixon,
pick him up a time or two.
Yes, sir.
And one driver drives back to New York.
How far is there?
In Marl?
Yes.
I know, fifty-seven.
Picking how long?
About an hour and a half, right?
Now, I don't think two hours will be enough.
You've been idle enough about the New York
to know what stuff to get that one.
And now what?
I was thinking of that, so it's a feeling ticket to my people.
And then, so that means four hours,
to drive from next to New York to the back.
Is that right?
Yes, sir.
And you didn't do any works in the car?
We were sort of going back in the car.
Oh, and I had no doubt that it.
Now, isn't it the spec?
If you're not guessing,
tell your family, explain it to them.
Okay, go around, but we'll turn to our studio to come.
Wait, am I right?
Don't you hesitate?
Come to the left.
Yes, sir.
Make the call.
Isn't it a fact?
It's like that, all.
Mr. Call Newmarker had a burning ambition
to keep his absence from this to the absolute minimum this is us.
Well, I have an ambition, certainly, so it's supposed to be a rank in which Mr. Teevin's
could work out and I think that's not kept.
However, he was gone much earlier than I thought it was.
Now, I think my, uh, the way we thought it was going to be,
I think it was going to be a very good time.
Not so early, though.
No, I think my, uh, the way we thought it was going to be about our probably
would be within the rank of the Secretary Teevin's help and good enough to make one
which he said was not going to say was due to change.
Well, I think time and time will answer Mr. Call Newmarker.
Did you have a real ambition?
If you'd try to find out, perhaps, you'd just come back to the absolute minimum.
Uh, may I have to know?
My answer to it is yes, we did not, uh, one of talking on the rank of Mr. Teevin's
help was proper and which would enable him to go to training at the same time.
Well, it, it, you just couldn't possibly go beyond that range,
but that's the maximum limit.
I would think that's the maximum.
I would think there's a minimum or a maximum, and that was it.
Now, Mr. Call, is it a fact that on the occasion,
so if you would leave, go down and take the muffin, went back to New York,
and then just to work, and throw you on and go back,
that you could at least have had four more hours of honest work with signs.
If you would walk into the room, the general iron already had better side for you.
It's better on a little card on your chairs and going to the...
You know.
You don't think you would have stayed for a...
No, I don't.
Well, would you go with me for five days,
would you say you might have stayed for three hours?
No.
All one hour?
You just think you didn't say anything?
Couldn't have stayed anything by working with you?
No, I think we did it in the most expensive, expensive way.
Honestly, this is called, you want this room for benefit to believe
that you couldn't have stayed for hours of driving.
If you just had to have time on the worst act, that's where you'll have time.
Well, that would have meant I suppose that I had a...
Thanks a lot, there was a lot of material from which we worked.
That's number one.
You could keep it at 6, couldn't you?
That's what I meant.
You could keep it at 6.
I thought it could not.
Where were you keeping?
I kept it in my house.
At your home.
Anything that could be kept at your home,
could be kept locked up in the room at 6.
You could have gone.
No, I wouldn't say so.
Hey, what's this phone?
No, we worked on the transcripts of the hearing to work from a...
No, we're bound booked there.
We're bound bound.
Fuller loop pamphlets.
We worked from executive session testimony.
And you have to be booked?
Yes, I just have to be.
We worked from a file, from no supply fee tax,
and from file to fee tax.
And if we were to work at 6, we can't, I didn't know what facility they were welcome.
I think down there overnight, I just didn't have any attention to doing that.
But you mean that after didn't work in any way,
anything in it for you?
Certainly the greatest thing for me,
the whole thing was, and the whole thing was,
the whole thing was for me.
They were welcome.
I think not.
I think not there.
I want to go down and say overnight at 4.6.
You're right.
Did you ever try to divide,
of turning you remember land in a distance,
having a either a machine or a sonar
for taking after to a house?
No, so we just...
No matter what ever, what scene was it?
No, I can't say else.
I think we decided three years ago,
and again, that we would not,
for the purpose of the scene,
we would not spend through the mail two days
or if the camp was working properly,
might not have been met.
Now some of the work in New York,
you say, was running your home?
Yes, it was.
And some of them here at home?
Yes, most of them are.
Most of them are in New York.
And when you were out there?
I think he worked at his office on a paper trip.
At his office?
Yes, sir.
Were you with him there?
On a case in my wallet, on a case in other places.
Did you have any files there?
Yes.
And if you had any files,
then it's time for us to get up.
Yes, we had some there.
Yes.
Well, couldn't those files of the message?
Well, if I am to be honest,
you want to say that we have moved everything down a date,
but I could have moved down a date,
and you say there,
no, I suppose that would have been one way of doing it.
Was it all?
I didn't do it that way,
and I didn't see any reason why I could have some.
You see the importance of keeping it to sound
that pieces of the minimum, don't you?
No, sir, I don't see the importance of where you put it up.
It involved him, also, with the eighth Sunday.
When he'd be around doing nothing,
and I didn't see anything that would come from me
to go down a little bit before it took.
Did you always work all of every Sunday?
I can't say we always work all of any day, sir.
Did you always work a part of any Sunday?
I think that's true, I think we did.
You always did a part, yes sir.
If you had some files that this year's Shine Home,
then your files are divided as follows.
Part of your home, is that right?
Yes sir.
Part of Shine Home?
Part of Shine's office.
Yes sir.
Did it strike you, Mr. Cohn,
that that wasn't somewhat awkward
and not too affectionate arrangements?
No, sir, we did the best we could with it.
I understand what we should do if you worked a while
at your home and needed the file that was the Shine Home.
We worked a while at my home and needed something in his home
and go down and get it for the next day.
On my last meet-over-mitch by five minutes.
Five minutes.
And if you wanted something, it is offered.
If it's five minutes, the file's there, then why?
For the same thing.
A file over test.
That's it.
That's for me.
Walk it in on it.
On it's hard.
Walking on it's hard.
If I thought, if I thought,
well it may be somewhat cumbersome,
nothing's about to be filed in the file
and to see each that way, didn't it?
No, sir, there was nothing to come from about the mess.
We got the work done.
I'm here here.
About ten minutes, Mr. Lowe.
Do I hold in my hand, Mr. Fowell,
and if you recognize it from that distance,
the work that was done,
you hold in your hand, you hold in your hand,
sorry, it's least on paper,
staring on the three intern reports with sign health rights,
plus the instructions of the annual recovery property health rights.
There's an explanation of sorts that each of the papers,
I gave it to Mr. Jankin's staff,
and I'll be glad to give it to you.
I don't know how to handle this from this distance.
I didn't know it was going to be well.
But you probably know it's not.
Can you recognize the documents that I now hold up?
Yes, sir.
What is that document?
That's a preliminary report,
but it became the intern report of the Subcommittee entitled
State Department's information sentence,
but with one of the things done at the beginning.
That had six papers that I turned them over.
What about the insurance?
Who wrote that?
I believe they've signed it.
At what time?
I don't know.
My insurance inductance?
I don't know, it might very well have been written paper that?
No, I can't say that.
The first document I take up is one that he might very well have done
before the inductance.
You recognize this document?
Yes, sir.
But it's that.
That's the draft of the local American engineering project
entitled Paper, Subtitle, Paper West,
Paper East, which will prepare for somebody else on the staff
and the whole set, we said the board was having
signed to the job.
That draft was submitted to the Senate of the Mk5C.
He went over it, I think, to find some of his notifications on it.
And some extra form for it.
The every authority, the intern, didn't say that was not found the way he wanted it done.
We then spoke to the gentleman who had written it and he said that
we have been placing an impossible burden on him because he was not
with the committee when the investigation was conducted,
signed, why, signed, knew the facts, let him write the report.
Or, if the draft is signed in the Mk5C,
it's been questioned by gay, black, black, black,
blue, shine, and using that and other things.
He wrote up the draft of that paper West, Paper East, and four.
So, Mr. Doc, you've been through the draft.
I'll hold in my hand.
I'll hold it down.
It's 19 pages in length.
It's not done by sign at all.
No, it's not.
That was a document.
What was rejected in the first time?
I'm not even a bank.
I'm not getting much good.
I'm not good.
Good.
The next document that I hold in my hand can be recognized
from that distance, Kenneth.
Yes, sir.
What is that?
That's there is a part of one of the final drafts for the annual
report of this book committee.
This I observed her 23 pages.
That's only a part.
I think the actual draft has about 75 pages.
What we find in the file that can produce it.
Yes, sir.
I'm not the particular drafts.
See about, I don't know, whatever they are.
And on the front page is some handwriting which I take to be
signed.
Is that right or am I incorrect?
No, you're right, that's right.
Yes.
It's a work of time to inspire and questions at my right.
Any questions at my left?
I'll go in my file.
Send it out.
I'm working.
It's strong.
I was thinking about the convenience of working
at 4.00 a.m.
You know, in fifth and fifth you have your own way to work.
To prepare me this.
If the subject of Mr. Stingling's conversation with Mr.
Schaden, far not so much on his first.
The telephone conversation in which he mentioned it, he wanted to use
the lives of his own new totalitarian design, had aventually
distributed, starting with the triminer, finished line to the
tentative column.
So would you have moved your office to the tentative column with?
I would not have started now.
So.
Well, I guess I'm going to begin.
I was telling you this.
I think third time, but you say that the triminer is not prepared
for the first thing.
Is that right?
What he did with this was the well.
He wrote, I think he primarily wrote 304 sections in that time.
He worked on the entire document.
That's right. He was before he landed in the army.
No, I think that was after that.
You mean to say that there are three assault paragraphs in this document
with Ty Hold, Mr. Kine prepared after he went into the Army?
Yes, I think that they're not part of the, so it was divided into sections.
There are two or three sections of real floor, which it occurs to me.
He did.
He worked on it.
Well, a lot of them appear in what I hold here to me.
Yes, I think he probably gets, what you have there is,
it's a numbing of their form of work.
That's pretty close to the one of the final three.
Well, I'd like to know if there were, whether or not Mr. Kone or Mr. Kine
actually wrote any part of what I hold in my hand.
It's not contained.
The assault contains the assault section on the engineering project
on the information panel and the information agency
properly answered which he would yes that if it wasn't the answer to it, I don't know.
If I tell you that I can go over and do not find a man that you mentioned,
I can.
I can tell you, you might have a little bit of a story to tell whether that's what it is.
I would have had a little bit of a look at it.
I can't tell you the truth.
I'm out of here.
I might not be picking up in my mind to be true or you come out.
I'm in Council Welk, who's now leading Mr. Kone through a series of questions on the work
of the
whatever it is there, it was a uh...
it's very close to that, with an outline, with uh...
private time and I threw up, originally before we started napping out these still-in-term reports.
When is originally?
I think that will probably, middle November and just November.
Something like that.
When did you really...
Well, in the box you would call your report writing space.
I was told September was the principal month or not and the first-of-the-week event.
November 15th is the first-of-the-week event for I was told to go into the report writing space.
Well, I would say you're right that it was certainly the work that was intensified.
Say, uh...
Wednesday, December and the first-of-week event in January, I think all the reports finally got out in October
on the 24th, 26th of January.
Now I'm just told I hold in my hand the work product of Mr. Stein that was handed by Mr. Horowitz, is that right?
What's the covering?
The covering of the period while it was the fourth day.
Yes, sir.
And after you're having examined it, we find cases 16, 17 and 18,
four and a half pages of one of the documents that Stein accidentally produced.
Is that right?
That's one of the things, sir.
And that's the whole work except for something about written with, not a word.
And something about having done some work on the interim of the annual report.
Well, you said for the particular cases.
Well, that embraces the things worth an agent.
Now, the work on the interim of annual report, you can't put it for it.
Oh, I thought the week had not been passed.
That's right.
However, you do have that, sir.
A, uh...
Just, uh...
One of the final reports of the annual report that Mr. Stein's note and comment for the report, I believe.
Now, I'm in the form of the last few days.
In the thinking of working on these matters, when you have witnessed the Stein,
did you want what you might call after hour?
Do anything to socially with you?
Uh, why are you talking to this person?
Yeah.
Well, I know it's a close talk, but you get out dinner.
The eights and he went to sleep by a minute.
He had dinner at my house with my family and myself.
And I remember the page when we worked.
I think once the flight by, they'd been in with his family and with him.
Uh, I think you don't mean that, but I felt good.
I recall one occasion, while we were trying to fix it,
when we went out on a...
...futtle boat for dinner with the big girls, that was, I believe, in January.
In January, I'm glad it's good.
Uh, we were at dinner at the...
...a host's rally, great host's rally, a great group.
January camp.
What do you think?
The book of interest makes you better than mine.
I have, sir.
I even know how to express.
You read $32 to 96 cents for a dinner.
And $6,85 cents for a drink.
That's found all right.
That's found all right?
Yes.
Found a little high.
I think I'm not going with the girl I got out and more.
I know.
I know, Mr. Corn, what we've said on the 9th of December 31st.
Do you?
It's from the 33st.
Oh, do you?
Yeah.
Uh...
I've said nothing, but I know.
Well, then the start sub-tune if you have a $47 and $17,000.
I think you're pregnant.
I think you're pregnant the wrong day.
And they ask you where you were on the 9th of January 3rd.
I thought you did have the wrong day.
How about January 3rd?
January 3rd.
Let's see.
That was a...
Uh...
Oh, the Saturday night.
Saturday night.
The one thing we wanted to have our Christmas dinner was a strike club.
Try and pick a lot of out of the Christmas.
You can.
May I suggest you may have a little bit of today?
Uh...
You might pick a little bit of that, but I was thinking you're wrong.
And you do like what's going on right there, the world's on that weekend?
On that weekend?
Yeah.
I don't know where it was, I know that he was working on that weekend.
I didn't know.
Have you heard of the Christmas Eve last?
No, because I know what work he did.
You have some of the right to play.
Well, if he was working on that weekend.
I'm not working?
Yeah.
I worked with me.
I'm the night at the 31st.
He worked with me.
On the very close.
The afternoon of the 31st.
He worked with me on Saturday, whatever the day was like.
A January 1st.
And I think he worked with me on Sunday.
Far from us.
You know where those wires on December 7th?
On when he went away from the day?
On December 7th?
Yeah.
What was it?
First.
That's the Monday, December 7th.
I'm looking at General Ryan's job here.
It's first on March 1st, 145.
For its effect.
I'm looking at his effect.
That's right.
Were you living?
So far, I was living.
Yeah.
Have the safety transports held?
Yes, I think that's it.
When I remember General Ryan recommended that hotel.
When we saw him the first time.
And I think we went over there on 2 or 3 days.
Now, were you living with us?
On March 8th?
Do you have any matters there?
Yes, I think we have.
Your file?
Partly at your home?
No.
Very unlikely.
No, sir.
It stands off.
Very unlikely.
You don't have any files with you?
I think we probably have some papers with us.
Have some papers with you.
I think another staff member with that.
It would appear that there were two at dinner.
Were you one of the two?
Sorry, what might have been so?
I think there was probably one other person.
On December 4th.
I think that's Jim Gilliam.
You know where?
You.
You know where John was one night and I think Frank's another night when we were at the face of time.
I know where you were on the night of December 4th.
I'm just a staff member.
I don't remember what I had in the store.
Any questions?
Do you remember my rights?
You remember my rights?
Michaels has been here in the store.
We have another 10 minutes.
May I suggest to you, sir, that you were at the store at 12th.
On that night?
Very probably.
And spent $25 from $75,000, so think.
By the way, I've never been there.
That must be in the spent East Plates, isn't it?
So how many people do I've looked at for a flight flight all in the store?
There's something for the club room.
I'm afraid it's not quite as dramatic.
It might sound as a room where there's no music or dancing.
It's a pretty quiet flight to go in there and get something to eat.
But I couldn't get in.
So that was the call.
Well, I'd take it to television to have a reason to laugh.
Maybe now.
You know where Zayy was on the night of September 3rd?
That's just the night before.
No, I don't.
Were you working?
My very well.
For the Thursday night, and I will work when you work.
Yes.
Were you working at the safety camp hotel?
Yes, I think so.
Did you work your way to $21 from $35,000 or some dinner?
Well, Mr. Wells, the good-time with service that I ate dinner,
you'll find I do that every night in the week.
I have a taste here, but it's quite a story.
It eats your way to $21 from $35,000.
The dinner is unique.
You eat your way to that much, you rich-un.
And it's Mr. Wells along our face, probably.
In just a realistic car, who is not in the loop,
and for you and the Dave Chan, I would like to say,
with the little green paperware,
let's say the date from Holy Pallet Man was Romeo.
On December 1st, you know where you were.
No, I don't.
Would it surprise you to know that it's time with the safety camp hotel?
No, in the store, aren't you?
Were you working?
I was thinking so far.
Were you at work?
Yes, sir.
I think so.
Did you eat your way to $14,000 or $95,000 for the dinner?
$14,000?
Right.
Found funds.
Where were you on November 30th?
See, it's blank on General Lang's.
There's nothing to do.
There was no past routed on that night,
but the record show that Mr. Chan was at the safety camp hotel.
Were you there?
Sorry, Paul Belayo, one of the other safe numbers.
Have it worked?
Yes.
I think so, Mr. Wells, the summer I go about.
I thought, three or four or five occasions.
When we did go to the Jim Julianna bank car myself,
they signed some of the safety training hotel,
which I'd recommend as far as five general joints.
Did you get anything to eat on the floor?
Did you tie?
I throw it once there.
You tied it once.
Yes.
And what if they sometime wouldn't it?
I mean, since before they say it sometime,
it might have been right now.
And you and Dave could have died into the work,
even harder than you did.
I think the fifth was before General Ryan
had made his function from available.
On the 28th, 29th of November,
when were you with Dave at the state
at the Great Hotel in New York?
I don't recall.
Then you lost the minute work.
It's on that day with him, weren't you?
On the 28th, 29th?
Yes.
For the weekend, there's the yesterday.
Yes, sir.
Now on the 29th, which is what, Sunday?
Did you reach your way through $16 and 48th?
Then for the food at the Great Hotel,
plus 346 for drinks?
That's very well-be.
Mr. Cole, I think in front of you,
because I'm somewhat admired you for it.
I think you do not drink, is that right?
I drink very occasionally, sir.
I heard that you never drank, sir.
And I think it was somewhat in your favor.
On November 28th, where you were
and Mr. Sion at the start point,
Mr. Luff, as far as I know,
and I'm quite sure that Mr. Sion
was not at the start point at any time,
while he was facing the 463.
But then, if you were at the start,
probably you weren't working with you, were I?
I think that would be a very terrible thing.
Where do you support him?
He was heavily working.
On the 9th of November 28th,
when you were at the start,
while I was at the start point,
I thought, sir, you were very probably home at late.
Home at late.
But not at work?
I don't know whether he was or not.
And not at 4.50, you know that, don't you, Franny?
And not at 4.50, you know,
he was not at heart,
except on November 28th, from noon to midnight.
So, it was one of the cases when he was not at 4.50,
I'm sure he was not at 4.50.
And you were totally mild at 4.50.
From noon to midnight,
from noon to November 28th,
to midnight, November 29th,
from lunch and wine to work with him.
Sir, every time he was off, I know he worked.
In addition to the work,
my first meeting was going to do a 40-month of portrait.
On the 28th of November,
it was going to be kept in the modem till the 29th of November,
it's going to be a month to run to work with him.
No, he could eat this in any work,
I'm sure.
The point is pretty positively,
a 40-month of work,
unless you run to work with him.
More so?
And you wouldn't have gone off in the start,
for up with all he would do.
Well, I,
was afraid I not only worked at I did work.
Left him alone.
Yes sir.
Where did you leave me?
I mean, where did you leave me?
From here to the south.
How did you help?
Yes sir.
For me, I know this sir,
he did not go to the store for a work,
a nice work,
and he's fine while we were taking down a short day.
He's busy on the flight.
I did.
And, uh,
at times I was about to make a very humble fun thing,
where with nights and nights,
and I was going to run in a pan,
I don't know what to do.
You tell us where did you work all the time?
Yes sir.
All in the moment,
13th until November 15th,
shine with all the Christmas.
Will he with you?
You probably had taken down when he was.
Did you go to side?
Did I go to side with him?
No sir.
You did not.
I'm sure I did not.
How much of that time will he go off?
After hours November 15th,
until 10pm,
what do you work with?
Uh,
is that on the 13th?
Yes, I know.
November 13th,
I know I did.
Now,
I just want to go back for a moment,
to leave you a theme,
called,
first.